Privat TransportA private transportcompany called Privat Transport (PriTra)was established in Grimstad in 2023.  Since  then,  the  company  has  grown  steadily  and  now  has  offices  in  most  of  the  main cities of Norway. However, the company is now so large that more  and  more administrative staff are being employed to cope with the ever-increasing amount of paperwork. Furthermore, the communication and sharing of information within the company is poor. The Director of the company, Jens Jensenfeels that too many mistakes are being made and that the success of his company will be short-lived if he does not do something to remedy the situation. He knows that a database could help in part to solve the problem and has approached you and your team to help in creating a database application to support the running of Private Transport.The Director has provided the following brief description of how Privat Transportoperates.Each office has a Manager,several carowners, drivers,and administrative staff. The Manager is responsible for the day-to-day running of the office. An owner provides one or more carsto Privat Transportand each caris allocated for use to severaldrivers. The majority of owners are also drivers. Private transportcarsare not available for hire by the public hailing a taxi in the street but must be requested by first phoning the company to attend a given address. There are two kinds of clients, namely private and business. The business provided by private clients is on an ad hocbasis. The details of private clients are collected on the first booking of a car. However, the business provided by business clients is more formal and involves agreeing a  contract  of  work  with  the  business.  A  contract  stipulates  the  number  of  jobs  that Private transportwill undertake for a fixed fee. When a job comes into Private transportthe name, phone number and contract number (when appropriate) of the client is taken and then the pick-up date/time and pick-up/drop-off addresses are  noted.  Each  job  is  allocated  a  unique  jobID.  The  nearest  driver  to  the  pick-up  address  is called by radio and is informed of the details of the job. When  a  job  is  completed  the  driver  should  note  the  mileage  used  and  the  charge  made  (for private clients only). If a job is not complete, the reason for the failed job should be noted.The Director has provided some examples of typical queries that the database application for Alternativ transportmust support.a)The names and phone numbers of the Managers at each office.b)The names of all female drivers based in the Grimstadoffice. c)The total number of staff at each office.d)The details of all carsat the Grimstadoffice.e)The total number of PDregistered taxis.f)The number of drivers allocated to each car.g)The name and number of owners with more than one car.
h)The full address of all business clients in Grimstad.i)The details of the current contracts with business clients in Grimstad.j)The total number of private clients in each city.k)The details of jobs undertaken by a driver on a given day.l)The names of drivers who are over 55 years old.m)The names and numbers of private clients who hired a taxi in November 2020.n)The names and addresses of private clients who have hired a carmore than three times.o)The average number of miles driven during a job.p)The total number of jobs allocated to each car.q)The total number of jobs allocated to each driver.r)The total amount charged for each car in November 2020.s)The total number of jobs and miles driven for a given contract.t)A list of jobs a particular driver has had for a particular owner, driving a particular business client. Based on the lectures in modelingyou shall perform the following tasks using Enterprise Architect (EA). You should use the Database Design Methodology as shown in the lectures (also found in the shared pdf). You must also create a Data Dictionary Document and document each step as done in the lecture slides. Although the lecture slides only show fragments of a data dictionary, the data dictionary, with all the documentation, must beone document. 1.Create a conceptual data model based on the information above. 2.Create a logical data model for a relational database based on (1) the information above, and (2) your conceptual data model.3.Create a physical data model by transforming the logical data model. In this assignment,you shall target the MySql database. (Deliverance for 1-3: (1) A complete EA model (2) ONE document with the models and the data dictionary included. 4.Implement the physical data model in MySql. 5.Important: (3 SQL files) Deliver the SQL scripts for creatingtheSQL tables, SQLtransaction file for populatingthe database, and SQLfile for running the transactionsabove as separate SQL files.6.Create a C# application that will populate the database, and execute the transactions a-tNote:You are not allowedto use any kind of object-relationalmapper.